# Building Bridges

**Time Limit:** 2 seconds  
**Memory Limit:** 192 MB  
**Submissions:** 52,754  
**Accepted:** 20,482  
**Users Solved:** 12,894  
**Correct Rate:** 35.629%

## Problem

There is a country made up of several islands. The president of this country won the election with the popular promise of building bridges to connect the islands. However, after taking office, the president reconsidered and decided to only build a single bridge between two islands to save costs. Even then, the bridge should be as short as possible to minimize the expense.

This country is located on a two-dimensional grid of size N×N. It is composed of several islands, where an island is defined as a group of adjacent land cells (1s) connected in the north, south, east, or west direction. The following is a map of a country made up of three islands:

(In the original problem, there is a visual example here.)

In the figure above, the colored regions represent land and the blank regions represent sea. The goal is to build the shortest possible bridge over the sea to connect two different islands. A bridge’s length is the number of sea cells (0s) it spans. The figure below shows an example of such a shortest bridge:

(Visual example of bridge is also in original problem.)

There may be multiple ways to build a bridge, but the goal is to find the minimum length possible. In the example above, a bridge of length 3 connects two different landmasses. Other bridges of length 3 may also be possible.

Given a map of the country, determine the length of the shortest bridge that connects two different islands.

## Input

- The first line contains the size of the map, N (a natural number ≤ 100).
- The next N lines each contain N integers separated by spaces, where 0 represents sea and 1 represents land.
- There will always be at least two distinct islands in the input.

## Output

- Print the length of the shortest bridge that can be built.

## Example Input 1

```
10
1 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 1
1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1
1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1
0 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 1
0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
```

## Example Output 1

```
3
```

## Source

- Incorrect data found by: tncks0121  
- Data added by: hello70825, ohyuni  
- Missing condition found by: choiking10

## Categories

- Graph Theory  
- Graph Traversal  
- Breadth-First Search (BFS)