Rotating Queue

Time Limit

2 seconds

Memory Limit

128 MB

Problem

Jimin has a bidirectional circular queue containing N elements. Jimin wants to remove several elements from this queue.

Jimin can perform the following three operations on the queue:
	1.	Remove the first element.
	•	If the original queue elements were a1, a2, ..., ak, after this operation, the queue becomes a2, ..., ak.
	2.	Rotate the queue one position to the left.
	•	If the original queue elements were a1, a2, ..., ak, after this operation, the queue becomes a2, ..., ak, a1.
	3.	Rotate the queue one position to the right.
	•	If the original queue elements were a1, a2, ..., ak, after this operation, the queue becomes ak, a1, ..., ak-1.

The initial size of the queue (N) is given, along with the positions of the elements that Jimin wants to remove (positions refer to the initial state of the queue). The task is to remove these elements in the given order while minimizing the total number of operations of type 2 and 3.

Write a program to output the minimum total number of operations of type 2 and 3 required.

⸻

Input
	•	The first line contains two integers N (1 ≤ N ≤ 50) and M (1 ≤ M ≤ N), the size of the queue and the number of elements to remove, respectively.
	•	The second line contains M integers, representing the positions of the elements to remove in the order they should be removed. Positions are given as integers between 1 and N.

⸻

Output
	•	Output a single integer, the minimal number of operations of type 2 and 3 needed.

⸻

Example

Example 1

Input

10 3
1 2 3

Output

0

Example 2

Input

10 3
2 9 5

Output

8

Example 3

Input

32 6
27 16 30 11 6 23

Output

59

Example 4

Input

10 10
1 6 3 2 7 9 8 4 10 5

Output

14


⸻

Source

Translated by: baekjoon
Reported typo by: dhdh6190
Additional data by: djm03178

Algorithm Classification
	•	Data Structures
	•	Deque